Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including definitions of the following:

The browser is a place where you can visually see information stored on the web. It's main function is to read HTML (CSS & JavaScript) documents and visually display them.

The client is the part of web browsers that is on the computer or the local device. The client has to do with the  user side of the network. 

A server is the remote part of a web browser that houses information that contributes to a website. It is a place in the cloud, or on other machines that store data. 

Rendering is how the code is translated into what you see on the screen/ website. 

What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following:
HTML is a simple, web based programming language. HTML is an acronym for HyperText Markup Language. In the language, a tag is used to enclose commands/elements. <>
An element (or a node) is really what builds the website and tells it what to do. It is the text inside of the braces <head>. 

When using certain tags, you must assign attribute/s to it to let it know how to function inside the code/website. 

Block elements are similar to what they sound like. They begin on new lines and generally house information in a section or block. Block elements can also have inline elements within them. 

Inline elements only occupy the space within the tag that they are enclosed in. They typically house data. 

Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements:

head- The head is important information embeded in the page and code, but will not actually be displayed on the front end/website. 

body- The main part of the code that will be displayed on the front end of the website. <body>

p- The tag for paragraph <p>

form- The tag that controls and allows information to be submitted into a web browser. It works with methods and accepts information. 

Div and span are kinda similar in that they don't do significant things on the web browser side. They are used to divide and separate or style things in the code. I thought it was related to the tag to expand a table cell (row or col) but I'm not sure.  

select- The tag that gives a website menu options and controls it. 

h2- The tag for Header 2, which is list distinct than H1 and more distinct than H3. <h2>

ol- The tag for an Ordered List, also known as a numbered list. <ol>

ul- The tag for an Unordered List, also known as a bulleted list. <ul>

table- The tag that inserts a table into the webpage. <table>

tr- The tag for creating a table row. 

td- The tag to identify the data that goes into a table. <td>